1.How do you plan on exhibiting professionalism at Techtonica? What would be different in a full-time engineering job setting?
As an apprentice, I need to master the daily materials and finish tasks on time. Be actively participate in group activities and pairing programming. In job setting, my identity will be an employee, a team player, rather than a learner. I would say doing my work as perfect as possible and not making mistakes are important.
2.What would you do if you just found out you are going to be an hour late tomorrow morning?
I would immediately send a message on Slack to notify everyone, especially the daily leader, that I would be late and apologize for giving a late notice.
3.What would you do if you realized that you only had time to finish most of your work by the due date of a group project?
I would immediately notify my group that I couldn’t finish all my work by the due day and let them know what I will have finished and what I will not. If I was stuck at somewhere, I would ask if anyone could help so I could finish my work.
4.Knowing yourself, what are the most effective ways for you to learn and retain new information?
Self-studying while having a mentor available so I can ask when I have questions is an effective way for me to learn and retain new information. I also regard sharing and exchanging information with my fellow classmates as a very important part of this type of self-studying for me.
5.What is growth mindset?
Growth mindset is about using brain power, working hard, not afraid of taking challenges, and find strategies and solutions to achieve goals.
6.Which operating system are you using right now? Name two other popular operating systems.
I’m using Mac iOS. Windows and Linux are two other popular operation systems.
7.Why do computers need operating systems?
Operating systems work as a middle layer to link the hardware and software in a computer to make them work together. They schedule tasks, execute applications and control peripherals.
8.Explain what you would do if you felt stuck on a coding problem.
I would Google the solutions. Then take notes and review the reason why I felt stuck. I would redo the coding problem next day, next week, until I feel confident about working this type of problem.
9.Describe the ways you plan on meeting and staying connected with new people in tech this month.
I will go to the monthly networking events to meet and connect with new people in tech by adding on LinkedIn. 
10.Describe some examples of effective body language and what is communicated when they are used well.
One example is that eye contact. It indicates the listener is respectful and is paying attention and listening carefully to the speaker, which gives the speaker the feedback about the effectiveness of the speak. 
11.Describe some examples of effective word choice and what is communicated when they are used well.
Some examples are collaborative words like “in my opinion”, “I’d like to”, “If I were coding this one”. These words make people comfortable when working together in a team.
12.How can you build trust in a team?
Participate actively, offer help, and be respectful to others. In particular, take everyone’s situation and opinion into consideration. 
13.How are the devices on the internet physically connected to each other?
Devices are connected by using modems with cables or wireless routers to the internet, which forms a networking.
14.How is information physically transmitted from device to device?
Data is transmitted through light cables, wires, or Wi-Fi from device to device.
15.How does one device find another it’s trying to communicate with?
One device find another through DNS and TCP/IP.
16.What methods do devices on the internet use to communicate?
The internet methods communicate through TCP/IP protocols and http. 
17.How can we send data reliably even if the network is unreliable?
TCP. It stays connected forever. 
